Docs/5837 Enterprise get-started notes fix (#5844)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-enterprise-get-started/_index.md

> ### Writing and Querying for Multi-Node Setups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Writing and querying for multi-node setups
```

You can use the default port `8181` for any write or query, without changing any of the commands.

> [!Note]
> #### Specify hosts for writes and queries
>
> To benefit from this multi-node, isolated architecture, specify hosts:
> 

> > - In write requests, specify a host designated for _write-only_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In write requests, specify a host that you have designated as _write-only_.
```

> > - In query requests, specify a host designated for _read-only_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In query requests, specify a host that you have designated as _read-only_. 
```

> 
> When running multiple local instances for testing or separate nodes in production, specifying the host ensures writes and queries are routed to the correct instance.

> > If you run locally and serve an instance on 8181 (the default port), you don’t need to specify the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This section is specifically about multi-node setups,  so I think we should omit this to avoid confusion.
